# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile .\requirements.in -o .\requirements.txt
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
filterpy==1.4.5
    # via -r ./requirements.in
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via tensorflow-intel
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
google-auth==2.40.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
grpcio==1.62.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
h5py==3.8.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imageio==2.31.2
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via markdown
ipython==7.34.0
    # via ultralytics
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.4.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.5.3
    # via
    #   filterpy
    #   seaborn
    #   ultralytics
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
networkx==2.6.3
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   filterpy
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via ultralytics
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   ultralytics
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ultralytics
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pygments==2.17.2
    # via ipython
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.3.0
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via ultralytics
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.19.3
    # via -r ./requirements.in
scikit-learn==0.21.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   filterpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   ultralytics
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via ultralytics
sentry-sdk==2.28.0
    # via ultralytics
setuptools==68.0.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow-intel
tensorboard==2.11.2
    # via
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   ultralytics
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.11.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorflow-intel==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
thop==0.1.1.post2209072238
    # via ultralytics
tifffile==2021.11.2
    # via scikit-image
torch==1.13.1
    # via
    #   thop
    #   torchvision
    #   ultralytics
torchvision==0.14.1
    # via ultralytics
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via ultralytics
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   kiwisolver
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
ultralytics==8.0.33
    # via -r ./requirements.in
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   ultralytics
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata
